Please read this agreement carefully before using the Program. The
software developers will license the Program to you only if you first
accept the terms of this agreement. By using the Program you agree to
these terms. If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, promptly
remove the Program.

The term "Program" means the original program and all whole or partial
copies of it. A program consists of machine-readable instructions, its
components, data, audio-visual content (such as images, text, recordings,
or pictures), and related licensed materials.

The Program, named "IsagNID", is owned by the software developers who are
Mr. Thananchai Threepak and Ms. Wajee Teswanich, advised by Mr. Akkradach
Watcharapupong and Mr. Thana Hongsuwan, supported by Information Security
Advisory Group (ISAG) under Computer Engineering of King Mongkut's
Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL), Thailand, and sponsored by
National Electronics and Computer Technology Center (NECTEC) under
National Science and Technology Department Agency (NSTDA), Thailand
government. And it is copyrighted and licensed, not sold.

You may :-
1) use, copy or distribute the unmodified Program with education purpose.
2) use, copy or distribute the unmodified Program with non-commercial
purpose.

You may not :-
1) use, copy, modify or distribute the Program except as provided in this
Agreement.
2) reverse assemble, reverse compile, or otherwise translate the Program
except as specificially permitted by law without the possibility of
contractual waiver.
3) use, copy, modify or distribute the Program with commercial purpose
without prior written permission from Information Security Advisory Group 
(ISAG) under Computer Engineering of King Mongkut's Institute of
Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL), Thailand.
4)sub liciense, rent, or lease the Program.

In using the Program, you agree that its services are provided "as
is" without warranty, express or implied, and that you use the Program at
your own risk. The Program is designed, manufactured and intended for
educational and/or non-commercial purpose only, do not use or resale it as
on-line control equipment in hazarduous environments requiring fail-safe
performance in which the failure of the Program could lead directly to
death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage ("High
Risk Activities").

All other trademarks mentioned in the Program are the property of their
respective owners.
